hi everyone its Sandra from the
disneycartoys Channel and today I'm
showing you our behind the scenes of our
shopkins day videos and I wanted to kind
of just show you our lippy lips costume
here really quick
so this thing is like a super hot
costume this is the arms and it has to
be kind of small to wear it but look at
these pants are like like big poofy kind
of snow pants I get to dress up like
lippy lips for your hair so like really
really big pants it's like kind of funny
there we go
tada and you can dance in them and then
these shoes actually kind of writing me
a Mickey Mouse a little bit so you put
these like big shoes on too and this is
especially made and then oh yeah so we
have the arms to which this gets kind of
confusing I feel like I'm dressing up in
a hazard suit a little bit so here's the
arms and then I'm the soup has like
suspenders and arm holes and it's
actually like eight feet tall okay okay
there we go
okay you can't see me Mike and CEO
through here and so now I have
everything on I just need like the top
of the costume on and then the hands but
this is basically it it's actually like
a really hot coffee analyst so you can't
be in here blog and I don't know if I
can get out there we go I got it okay
and I am out it's really cool and then
where's my glass yeah has like at the
very top that's like the lipstick part
and then like a little brush for your
makeup so it's really cold so I had to
show you the costume maybe I'll keep
these pants on
no I don't know I'm probably not I'm and
then we made this specialty little
shopkins pinata that we just ordered
some pictures over here at shopkins and
we actually even added the tissue paper
ourselves ooh and then we printed this
out here I'll sit down so I can take off
the shopkins output here there we go
and we got mailed us a huge huge huge
box of shopkins and of course gymnast
Owen in the limited edition shopkins so
let me show you all the shopkins we got
now okay of course our main attraction
RV is illuminated edition shopkins these
are from season sailor check out the
case here we have a lot of special
shopkins like this one right here is
Martian marshmallow and then we have
rubber glove I love that one and then
this one is kind of brown but it's
actually the Lenni lime which is kind of
interesting and then we have the teabag
leaves he and then this little reddish
one is the Dona Dona and it doesn't
totally look like a donut to me but I'll
believe them and then we have done here
Angie ankle boots so these are really
really cool
I love the new limited edition and it's
like I feel like such an honor to even
be holding these and they're like so
glittery in real life they're really
really cool and of course I'm number one
shopkin the most rare shopkin ever which
will be auctioned off later this year is
Gemma's there she is she's so pretty
she's got a little crown and some
jewelry and little purple eyes and
purple feet she is so cool so I wanted
we're going to take a look she is
awesome I love Gemma's stone so we have
a bunch of shopkin for our shopkins day
like these shopkins season two blind
boxes which I haven't seen for ever in
the stores and then one of my favorite
place that's so cool fridge this one
comes with the eggs is adorable and then
tons of other shopkins sets like five
packs and pull back so these are the
fluffy baby ones and then I had like the
blind bags somewhere around here we got
like tons of though
right here it's all messed up yeah okay
we got Jackson here you can see all
these hun there we go I am like tons and
tons of these lost shopkins blind bags
to open up her special day okay there's
like a no good way of filming this but
this is like a shopkins tree right in
the last thing that we're featuring for
our shopkins day are some little why
pets this is a little mouse house and
this is so cool this is a little pink
mouse and it can he really like work on
this on its got like a - on you turn it
on by pressing like a little slot in his
teeth and then it runs through this
little we all just like a real Mouse or
hamster and then it even comes with like
a little area that like kind of pops out
there's like a little door and it can
run around in circles and it's like a
little outdoor kind of area place that
thing and then we have our little live
pets butterfly as well let me turn this
thing on this thing's cool I'm gonna
charge it there we go
whoo it whitter so this has just been so
much fun I hope you guys enjoy the
behind the scenes of our shopkins day so
if you did please give us a like let me
know if you want to do some more behind
the scenes kind of stuff um my first
time this so let me know if you want to
see more of this thanks for watching and
have a good day
click on a picture to watch another fun
toy video and click on the question mark
to watch a mystery video
[Music]